c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\atl100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\MediaInfo.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\msvcp100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\msvcr100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_DXP.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_MFP.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Audio_ChannelMapper.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Audio_Effects_4.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Audio_Enhancer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Audio_Mixer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_D2D_Video_Renderer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_RGB2YUV.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Video_Effects_Pro.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Video_Mixer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Video_Resize.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_YUV2RGB.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\GMFBridge.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\MatroskaMuxer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Decklink_Source.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Dump.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_FakeAudioSource.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_IP_HTTP_Source.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_LAME.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_MJPEGDec.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_MP3_Splitter.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Push_Video_Source.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_RTSP_Sink.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_RTSP_Source_Live555.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Screen_Capture.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_Screen_Capture_DD.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_SSF_Muxer.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_WavDest.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x86\VisioForge_WhatYouHear_Source.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\atl100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\MediaInfoX64.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\msvcp100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\msvcr100.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_DXP64.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_MFP64.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Audio_ChannelMapper_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Audio_Enhancer_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Audio_Mixer_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_D2D_Video_Renderer_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_RGB2YUV_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Video_Effects_Pro_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Video_Mixer_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Video_Resize_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_YUV2RGB_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\GMFBridge_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\MatroskaMuxer64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Decklink_Source_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Dump_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_FakeAudioSource_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_LAME_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_MJPEGDec_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_MP3_Splitter_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Push_Video_Source_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_RTSP_Sink_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_RTSP_Source_Live555_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Screen_Capture_DD_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_Screen_Capture_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_SSF_Muxer_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_WavDest_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\x64\VisioForge_WhatYouHear_Source_x64.ax
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.exe.config
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.pdb
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.Dialogs.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.MediaFramework.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Shared.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Tools.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Types.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MultipleWebCameras_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.g.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\Multiple Web Cameras Demo WPF (NuGet).csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\Multiple Web Cameras Demo WPF (NuGet).csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\Multiple Web Cameras Demo WPF (NuGet).csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\FILES\Demos\Video Capture SDK\WPF\CSharp\MultipleWebCameras\obj\Debug\MultipleWebCameras.pdb
