c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.exe.config
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.pdb
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.Dialogs.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.DirectX.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.MediaFramework.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Shared.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Tools.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Types.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two Windows Demo (NuGet).csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two Windows Demo (NuGet).csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.Form1.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.Form2.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two Windows Demo (NuGet).csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two Windows Demo (NuGet).csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two Windows Demo (NuGet).csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WinForms\CSharp\Two Windows\obj\Debug\Two_Windows_Demo.pdb
