c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\Main Demo.exe.config
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\Main Demo.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\Main Demo.pdb
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.Dialogs.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Controls.UI.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.DirectX.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.MediaFramework.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Shared.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Tools.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\bin\Debug\VisioForge.Types.dll
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo MP WPF (NuGet).csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo.g.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo MP WPF (NuGet).csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo MP WPF (NuGet).csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo MP WPF (NuGet).csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo.exe
c:\Projects\_Projects\MediaFrameworkDotNet\_SETUP\GitHub\Media Player SDK\WPF\CSharp\Main Demo\obj\Debug\Main Demo.pdb
